AWS IAM OAUTHBEARER support via optional `oauthbearer-aws` module (#2267)
confluentinc/confluent-kafka-python: docs/oauthbearer-aws.rst

AWS IAM-based authentication for Kafka clients via the **OAUTHBEARER** SASL
mechanism, delivered as the optional ``confluent-kafka[oauthbearer-aws]`` install
extra. When the application runs on AWS compute (EC2, EKS, ECS, Fargate, or
Lambda) with an IAM role attached, the client mints short-lived JSON Web Tokens
through AWS STS ``GetWebIdentityToken`` (via ``boto3``) and hands them to the
broker as the SASL bearer credential — refreshing them automatically before they
expire.

**Activation is config-only.** Install the extra and set the three configuration
keys below; no application code changes are required at the integration site.
Applications that do not install the extra pull **zero AWS dependencies**.

************
Installation
************

.. code-block:: bash

    pip install 'confluent-kafka[oauthbearer-aws]'

> This adds ``boto3`` to the dependency graph. Without the extra, nothing AWS is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This adds ``boto3`` and optionally other third party dependencies to the dependency graph. Without the extra, nothing more is
```

Author: Added `optionally other third party dependencies` line.

  a Lambda execution role, environment variables, or a shared credentials file.
* The IAM role is permitted to mint a web identity token via STS
  ``GetWebIdentityToken`` for the requested ``audience``.
* The ``audience`` value matches the audience configured on the IAM role's trust
  relationship and the broker-side identity provider.

***************
Common pitfalls
***************

* **``sasl.oauthbearer.method=oidc`` is mandatory.** When
  ``sasl.oauthbearer.metadata.authentication.type=aws_iam`` is set, omitting or
  changing the method raises a ``ValueError`` at client construction.
* **Set ``security.protocol=SASL_SSL`` and ``sasl.mechanisms=OAUTHBEARER``.**
  Without them the OAUTHBEARER token-refresh path never engages and
  authentication silently does not happen.
* **``sasl.oauthbearer.config`` must be present and non-empty** — it carries the
  required ``region`` and ``audience``. A missing or empty value raises a
  ``ValueError`` naming the missing keys.
* **Install the extra, not ``boto3`` directly.** If the marker is set but the
  extra is not installed, client construction raises an ``ImportError`` pointing
  to ``pip install 'confluent-kafka[oauthbearer-aws]'``.

> * **``audience`` mismatches fail at STS.** If the configured ``audience`` does not

Reviewer: Nested markups don't render correctly to html with sphinx, please make them flatten in this section.
```suggestion
* ``audience`` **mismatches fail at STS.** If the configured ``audience`` does not
```

Author: flatten pitfall markup, boto3[crt], internal docstrings

  match the IAM role's trust relationship, the ``GetWebIdentityToken`` call is
  rejected and no token is issued.

> * **``botocore[crt]`` may be needed for ``aws login`` credential sessions.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``boto3[crt]`` **may be needed for** ``aws login`` **credential sessions.**
```

Author: Fixed all instances where nested markup caused the issue.

  Like any boto3 application, this integration uses boto3's default credential
  chain — so if your active AWS profile uses an ``aws login`` session (a
  ``login_session`` entry), boto3 raises ``MissingDependencyException`` asking
  you to ``pip install "botocore[crt]"``. This does not occur when credentials
  come from an attached IAM role (as on AWS compute). Fix:

>   ``pip install "botocore[crt]"``, or use a credential source without a login

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  add an additional ``boto3[crt]`` to your requirements, or use a credential source without a login
```

Author: Updated the fix suggestion to add an additional `boto3[crt]` to requirements
